Edited Including Style Sheets (#436)
vaadin/flow-and-components-documentation: documentation/importing-dependencies/tutorial-include-css.asciidoc

`VaadinServlet` handles static resource requests, if you have mapped it to `/*`.
If not, the servlet container takes care of static resource requests.

If you use relative URLs, it is irrelevant whether your application is deployed in the root context (for example  `\http://mysite.com/`) or in a sub context (for example `\http://mysite.com/myapp/`). Relative URLs are resolved using the page base URI, which is always set to match the servlet URL.

=== Using a Servlet Path

If you use a servlet path for the servlet, for example `\http://mysite.com/myapp/myservlet/`, you need to take the servlet path into account when including resources. This is because the base URI is `\http://mysite.com/myapp/myservlet/`, but static resources are deployed at `\http://mysite.com/myapp/`.

You can use the `context://` protocol, with the `Page.addStyleSheet` method, for example. This ensures the URL is relative to the context path, but is only supported when including resources.

When you configure an element, for example setting the `src` attribute for an `<img>`, you cannot use the `context://` protocol. Your options are:

> * Cancel out the servlet path, for example `../images/logo.png`.

Reviewer: Cancel out sounds quite odd to me. Maybe this would be better?
```suggestion
* Take the servlet path into account with your relative URL, for example `../images/logo.png`.
```

* Use an absolute URL, for example `/myapp/images/logo.png`
* Deploy your static resources in a directory that matches your servlet path, for example `/myservlet/`.

== Using Global Styles

Be cautious when including global styles for your application. If the user's browser does not have native support for Web Components, global styles tend to leak into your Web Components, 

See <<../web-components/integrating-a-web-component#,Integrating a Web Component>> for more, and *Browser support* at https://www.webcomponents.org/[webcomponents.org] for a list of browsers that support Web Components and those that require polyfills. 

Web Component normally uses their own styles that are specifically scoped for each component. If the browser does not support Web Components, the missing functionality is polyfilled, and the Web Component is no longer treated as a scoped unit, but rather as a regular part of the DOM tree. Global styles are applied to it in the same way as any other HTML element.

To prevent global styles leaking into the local DOM of Web Components, you can use the `<custom-style>` extension:

> . Add an import for Polymer `custom-style.html`, for example `<link rel="import" href="bower_components/polymer/lib/elements/custom-style.html">`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add an HTML import for Polymer `custom-style.html`, for example `<link rel="import" href="bower_components/polymer/lib/elements/custom-style.html">`. 
```

</custom-style>
----

> You can also do this using the `@HtmlImport` annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a natural template for the custom-style declaration, you can create a separate file and import that using the `@HtmlImport` annotation:
```

</custom-style>
----

> . Use the `@HtmlImport("shared-styles.html")` annotation in the component class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the `@HtmlImport("shared-styles.html")` annotation in a component class, like your main layout class.
```
